---
title: Sprint 4
description: getting a design review and collaborative with other GOV departments
date: 2023-08-08
---

In Sprint 4 we had a design review with our Opencast peers, we used a <a href="https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPjQSFQQ=/?share_link_id=437514522958MIRO">MIRO board</a> to collect people feedbacks. this post goes into detail about the feedback we have chosen to take forward.

## Moving 'Check before you start' before the tasklist

one of the main pieces of really insight feedback was around moving 'check before you start' to before the tasklist page. This section is almost like an 'Eligiblity checker' to use the new service which most people mentioned there would expect it to be at the start. this also feels like it sets the user up for how the rest of the service works

we have taken this feedback forward and changed this in <a href="https://tpr-dvd-prototype.onrender.com/version-3-2/new-service">v3.2 of the prototype</a>.

## Removing the 'change' for details of scheme

Something else we learnt this sprint is users will not able to change scheme details in our service and there is a different process for this. so we remove the options to change the details and made it a kick out of the service.

its likely that these interaction will be removed from the service all together.


## Subheading on Check your answers

JAMES


## moving the 'I declare that' checkboxes

JAMES

## Collaborative with other GOV departments

we reached out to HMRC Managing Pension Schemes around their file upload systems becasue there have a very simalier user base. it was useful to share reserach and patterns around how file uploads works for them and issues there had with CSV.

we plan to see in touch with this team going forward
