---
title: Sprint 3
description: In Sprint 3 we iterated our prototype based on research findings from sprint 2
date: 2023-02-15
---

In Sprint 3 we iterated our prototype based on research findings from sprint 2.

These are the iterates we made

## Adding 'This is a new service' pages

In sprint 2 we also gained a wider understanding of where this service will fit in the wider journey becasue users will be access DVD from TPR exchange service which doesn't use GOVUK Design patterns we have choisen to add a 'This is a new service 'page to help users understand the change visually


## Adding 'What's your valuation data' and moving the template

In sprint 2 we understood better than the template used to upload data to service will need to be based on the valuation date because as policy changes in the future more things might be asked for based on this date.

added a valuation date checker to the prototype, in line with technical discussions that we would show different template versions / redirect to the old service depending on the valuation date. Used wording from language mapping and GDS pattern. Changed the example date to be more recent / within the last 3 years. Need to confirm if it is the Part 3 valuation date we are checking.

we saw in research that several participants wanted the template as soon as possible so there could use this in their wider process so we moved the download of the template to early in the flow

## adding scheme name and PSR number

added the scheme name and PSR to all pages, based on user feedback that it would be helpful to have a reminder on every page. Decided to keep the text left-aligned to remain in keeping with GDS patterns. Designed it as a caption above a header in line with GDS patterns. Made the caption text medium sized as opposed to the header in large size to assist with visual hierarchy and readability. Kept both name and PSR on one line, divided by a -, to assist with visual hierarchy and readability.

## changing information with TPR

In Sprint 2 we’ve learned that an address is not something associated with a scheme and will be removed


added more 'real' data items


added a 'Is this the principal employer's name in full?' page to the prototype. Used 'principal employer's name in full' as we discovered that wording during language mapping. Offered 'Yes' option to continue in the flow, and two 'No' options - to change it in this service, or to contact us. This is to confirm with external users what internal users told us - that users would not expect to be able to change this information in a valuation return.


## upload your valuation results

removed details components based on confuse about it being a link
changed buttons to help reduce confusion around when a document is acutally uploaded
changed to cell from column and row
added download link
mutiple verison of this page based on amount of type of error

## Adding who is submitting
