---
title: Sprint 2
description: Findings from the first round of usability testing with four internal TPR actuaries
date: 2023-02-15
---

In Sprint 2 we completed the first round of usability testing with four internal TPR actuaries. Here are the findings.


## What we tested

At this early stage, we explored and validated these assumptions generated in our assumption mapping sessions:

- Users will be able to upload files in the format we need
- If external users can have a simplifed method to input data into Exchange, the data will be error-free and TPR internal agents will not be frustrated
- Users will be able to understand and manage a three-step validation of checks to the information they are uploading
- If there was more automation, the users would spend less time entering data

We used a high level prototype created in Sprint 1 to test these assumptions.

## Who we tested with

We met four internal TPR actuaries.
- Each had worked as senior actuaries in large or medium sized consultancies
- All had previously submitted valuation data to TPR

## Key findings

- All users understood and were comfortable uploading data in a file to The Pensions Regulator
- They all described that they would expect the template provided to be in an Excel format
- They are all comfortable using Excel (and expressed that most actuaries are)
- Users expected the validation process and understood the errors but wanted to export the error list

## Tasklist page

Users were observed interacting with the tasklist page:

- All users were able to understand the steps they needed to take and where to start.

- One user initially assumed that they might need to work sequentially through the list. This is something we plan to watch and may remove the numbers from the tasklist in future iterations.

- On returning to the tasklist all users understood that the first task was complete, and how to continue to the second task from this page.


## Changing information held by TPR

Several participants described how they would expect to change scheme records in a specialised area of Exchange or within the return.

- If they were to change things here, one participant mentioned how they would expect an audit trail of change.

- The ability to change the scheme name risks enabling others, e.g., juniors, making changes (in error).

There were lots of questions around the data we were collecting here, when we were testing the concept of changing something. We hope to have defined data items to work with in future sprints.


## Uploading your document

###  'Before you start' page

- Several participants described how they would download and reuse the spreadsheet for other schemes. This may create a challenge regarding legacy templates if and when TPR changes its reporting requirements.

- One participant was unsure whether the template download and continue buttons both led to a template/spreadsheet download.

###  Uploading

- Several participants were not sure what clicking the details element (blue arrow/underlined text) would do (before clicking it). Ideas included returning to the previous page.

- Some participants questioned why they could still download a template at this point.

- All participants understood what was happening on this page, and on reflection, saw value in confirming the file they’d uploaded. However, one participant wanted assurance that if they were to upload a different file, the first file would be deleted for data privacy reasons.

###  Error handling

- Participants expected to see some sort of validation process and feedback after uploading the file.

- All participants described how they would want to save the error list or pass it to someone else to work on the changes. Changes may need to be fed into their valuation spreadsheet and ‘peer reviewed’ before resubmission.

- Participants suggested that data could get flagged as an error when it is actually acceptable. For example, it is possible for some liabilities to be £0.

- They all preferred the use of “Cell” rather than separating column and row.
